#08/45:
	Yo, so according to newly discovered pop culture,., Halloween is quite the big deal in the city. I dunno if I’m just too old to care or have been living under a rock, or both, but as a man of considerable industry insight you got any suggestions of what Kim and I should be trying to get into this weekend? We've got enough blow and Molly to make almost anything fun - but we still got some standards. So if anything comes to mind let me know lol. 
	
	also these are seriously unimportant questions so no rush to respond 

{429}: 
Oy vey lol
Ya NYC loves Halloween, there's a giant parade and everything
There's a ton of parties I'm sure, I haven't looked into it at all but I could
[link=ref]fESTIVAL
IOON TILL SUNRISE
FRIDAY OCTOBER 27
DAY ONE[/ref] 

KOLSCH PARALEVEN LIVE ORION
CITYFOX HALLOWEEN FESTIVAL
avant-gardner.com

I have clients playing this on Friday

#08/45:
Yeah I had no idea it was such a thing. I'm not too concerned about it. I mean id love to roll face to a proper artist but from the looks of it everything seems pretty bar-hoppy-costume-cringe. But yea If you can think of anything on the level let me know. 

Oooh that's interesting

{429}: 
The thing I just sent you would be one of the top choices for a proper event in the city, if you want tickets lmk

#08/45:
Word appreciate it man, you've sold me haha. Any chance you'd want to join us? I know you're a bachelor this weekend. It would be like Redlands.. except not in every way. So that would be nice 


There's a possibility I will ya but I can't say at the moment. I would need to make some arrangements for the dogs. And those events can be kind of odd for me since I just see a lot of people I work with so getting smashed around them isn't always a good idea for me haha. I had a reputation for that I'm trying to move away from. At least in my own head.

But very very tempting 

#08/45:
For sure, that's definitely got to be an interesting dynamic to balance. Well all good either way. Plus we can always re-evaluate day-of as long as lunch or whatever still work out. I will say this though - regardless of the event that night, it wouldn't be a Tim & Alex business meeting without cocaine... So at the very least we'll make time for that and then see how the rest of the evening could work out.

{429}: 
Yes that does sound hard to pass up
And accurate
My lunch in the city is Thursday btw I got that wrong the other day
So Friday should be wide open

{429}: 

K your both on the list, Ashley will send you the QR codes or whatever they are. We'll figure the rest out friday lunch. 
BTW meeting is officialy now wednesday afternoon but I think you could curb them even if you had to walk in directly from the plane, work so far isnt even worth showing you
